word             count  size
-------------  -------  ------
the                 16  Huge
of                  12  Big
to                  10  Big
and                 10  Big
in                   8  Normal
this                 8  Normal
it                   8  Normal
lorem                8  Normal
ipsum                8  Normal
learn                6  Normal
wazuh                6  Normal
is                   6  Normal
section              4  small
you                  4  small
will                 4  small
how                  4  small
provision            4  small
using                4  small
virtual              4  small
also                 4  small
setup                4  small
not                  4  small
only                 4  small
dummy                4  small
text                 4  small
typesetting          4  small
industry             4  small
has                  4  small
a                    4  small
type                 4  small
with                 4  small
for                  2  small
personal             2  small
use                  2  small
box                  2  small
linux                2  small
ubuntu               2  small
22                   2  small
04                   2  small
machine              2  small
aws                  2  small
ec2                  2  small
intances             2  small
note                 2  small
that                 2  small
although             2  small
works                2  small
production           2  small
ready                2  small
goal                 2  small
documentation        2  small
help                 2  small
cyber                2  small
security             2  small
professional         2  small
who                  2  small
aims                 2  small
understand           2  small
basics               2  small
provisioning         2  small
simply               2  small
printing             2  small
been                 2  small
s                    2  small
standard             2  small
ever                 2  small
since                2  small
1500s                2  small
when                 2  small
an                   2  small
unknown              2  small
printer              2  small
took                 2  small
galley               2  small
scrambled            2  small
make                 2  small
specimen             2  small
book                 2  small
survived             2  small
five                 2  small
centuries            2  small
but                  2  small
leap                 2  small
into                 2  small
electronic           2  small
remaining            2  small
essentially          2  small
unchanged            2  small
was                  2  small
popularised          2  small
1960s                2  small
release              2  small
letraset             2  small
sheets               2  small
containing           2  small
passages             2  small
more                 2  small
recently             2  small
desktop              2  small
publishing           2  small